CTOR-454 : New Plugin(apps::antivirus::skyhigh::webgateway::snmp) (#3856)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/applications-antivirus-skyhigh-webgateway-snmp.md

id: applications-antivirus-skyhigh-webgateway-snmp
title: Skyhigh Security Web Gateway SNMP
---
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Connector dependencies

The following monitoring connectors will be installed when you install the **Skyhigh Web Gateway SNMP** connector through the
**Configuration > Monitoring Connector Manager** menu:
* [Base Pack](./base-generic.md)

## Pack assets

### Templates

The Monitoring Connector **Skyhigh Web Gateway SNMP** brings a host template:

* **App-Antivirus-Skyhigh-Webgateway-SNMP-custom**

The connector brings the following service templates (sorted by the host template they are attached to):

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="App-Antivirus-Skyhigh-Webgateway-SNMP-custom" label="App-Antivirus-Skyhigh-Webgateway-SNMP-custom">

| Service Alias    | Service Template                                              | Service Description                                                                                      |
|:-----------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Clients          | App-Antivirus-Skyhigh-Webgateway-Clients-SNMP-custom          | Check connected clients count, open network sockets count                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Clients          | App-Antivirus-Skyhigh-Webgateway-Clients-SNMP-custom          | Check the number of connected clients and the number of open network sockets                                                |
```

> | Connections      | App-Antivirus-Skyhigh-Webgateway-Connections-SNMP-custom      | Check legetimate and blocked connections                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Connections      | App-Antivirus-Skyhigh-Webgateway-Connections-SNMP-custom      | Check legitimate and blocked connections                                                                 |
```

> | Detections       | App-Antivirus-Skyhigh-Webgateway-Detections-SNMP-custom       | Check malware detection count, by categories                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Detections       | App-Antivirus-Skyhigh-Webgateway-Detections-SNMP-custom       | Check the number of detected malware, by categories                                                             |
```

> | Http-Statistics  | App-Antivirus-Skyhigh-Webgateway-Http-Statistics-SNMP-custom  | Check client/proxy, server/proxy, proxy/client and proxy/server HTTP network traffic and requests count  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Http-Statistics  | App-Antivirus-Skyhigh-Webgateway-Http-Statistics-SNMP-custom  | Check client/proxy, server/proxy, proxy/client and proxy/server HTTP network traffic and the number of requests  |
```

> | Https-Statistics | App-Antivirus-Skyhigh-Webgateway-Https-Statistics-SNMP-custom | Check client/proxy, server/proxy, proxy/client and proxy/server HTTPS network traffic and requests count |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Https-Statistics | App-Antivirus-Skyhigh-Webgateway-Https-Statistics-SNMP-custom | Check client/proxy, server/proxy, proxy/client and proxy/server HTTPS network traffic and the number of requests |
```

> | Versions         | App-Antivirus-Skyhigh-Webgateway-Versions-SNMP-custom         | Check virus definition databases version                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Versions         | App-Antivirus-Skyhigh-Webgateway-Versions-SNMP-custom         | Check the version of virus definition databases                                                                 |
```
